---
title: "IPDRM 2020"
bg: white
color: black
style: left
---

# IPDRM 2020

<div style="text-align:center;">
  <span class="fa-stack subtlecircle" style="font-size:64px; background:rgba(0,128,0,0.1)">
    <i class="fa fa-circle fa-stack-2x text-white"></i>
    <i class="fa fa-server fa-stack-1x text-green"></i>
  </span>
</div>

## Fourth Annual Workshop on Emerging Parallel and Distributed Runtime Systems and Middleware

### Friday, November 20nd, 2019
### Atlanta, Georgia, USA.

#### Held in conjunction with the International Conference for High Performance Computing, Networking, Storage and Analysis, ([SC 20](https://sc20.supercomputing.org/)), November 15-20, 2020, Atlanta, Georgia, USA.

<div style="text-align:center;">
  <p>
  <font style="color:red;font-size:18pt;font-face:bold;">
  Submission deadlines: August 30th, 2020
  </font>
  </p>
</div>



## Overview

Node architectures of extreme-scale systems are rapidly increasing in complexity. Emerging homogeneous and heterogeneous designs provide massive multi-level parallelism, but developing efficient runtime systems and middleware that allow applications to efficiently and productively exploit these architectures is extremely challenging.  Moreover, current state-of-the-art approaches may become unworkable once energy consumption, resilience, and data movement constraints are added. The goal of this workshop is to attract the international research community to share new and bold ideas that will address the challenges of design, implementation, deployment, and evaluation of future runtime systems and middleware.

## Topics

This workshop will emphasize novel, disruptive research ideas over incremental advances. We will solicit papers on topics including, but not limited to, the following areas:

### Runtime System/Middleware Design, Evaluation and Usage
* Runtime/Middleware for emerging HPC and cloud computing platforms
* Runtime/Middleware for Big Data Computing
* Modeling and Performance Analysis of Runtime Systems
* Comparison studies of different runtime systems and middleware
* Tuning and Optimization studies
* Interactions between Runtime Systems and Middleware
* Runtime-architecture co-design

### Constraints and Issues for Runtime Systems and Middleware
* Energy- and Power-aware schemes
* Fault Tolerance and Reliability
* Scalable high-performance I/O and access to Big Data
* Memory management
* Runtime data analysis (e.g., in-situ analysis)
* Real-time solutions and QOS
* Virtualization, provisioning, and scheduling
* Scalability of novel runtime systems and applications using them

### Design Principles and Programming Support
* High-level programming models (e.g., thread and task based models, data parallel models, and stream programming) and domain-specific languages
* Programming frameworks, parallel programming, and design methodologies
* Methodologies and tools for runtime and middleware design, implementation , verification, and evaluation
* Wild and crazy ideas on future Runtime System and Middleware

## Submissions

* Paper Submission: August 30th 2020
* Paper Notification: October 1st, 2020
* Final Paper Due: October 10th, 2020

## Submission Guidelines:

Full submission will be up to 8 pages long using the same format as the SC19 
conference (i.e. using the ACM SIG proceedings template).  All submitted 
papers will undergo a rigorous review process and each will have at least 
three reviews by members of the program committee. Papers will be accepted 
based on their technical contributions. “Crazy and Wild ideas” are welcome. 
Accepted papers will have quick lighting presentations on the workshop day 
to spark conversation and discussion.

## Organizing Committees

### General Chairs

* Shuaiwen Leon Song, University of Sydney
* Guang R Gao, University of Delaware
* Barbara Chapman, Brookhaven National Laboratory and Stony Brook University
* Joshua Suetterlein, Pacific Northwest National Laboratory
* EunJung Park, Los Alamos National Laboratory 

### Program Chairs

* Shirley Moore, OakRidge National Laboratory, USA
* Joseph Manzano, Pacific Northwest National Laboratory

### Program Committee
* TBD

## Program
* TBD
